Let's do the math: is e-waste scrapping worth it?
Information 📊

r/ScrapMetal - Let's do the math: is e-waste scrapping worth it?
Page 1 (Current page)
Page 2

Item 1 of 2
Because the question "is it worth the work" comes up regularly, I did the math using the prices at my scrap yard.

I got four PCs and two laptops yesterday. None of the components were worth selling separately.

It took me about 20 minutes to take them apart. I usually wait until I have a certain amount; then it's more efficient.

For me I have to say it's worth it (if you get e-waste regularly) and it's fun to take things apart.


Upvote
23

Downvote

7
Go to comments


Share
u/PlugableOfficial avatar
PlugableOfficial
•
Promoted

You can run five 4K displays from one USB-C port with the most impressive laptop dock I've ever seen
windowscentral.com
Thumbnail image: You can run five 4K displays from one USB-C port with the most impressive laptop dock I've ever seen
Join the conversation
Sort by:

Best

Search Comments
Expand comment search
Comments Section
Professional-Cup-154
•
9mo ago
E-waste is my favorite scrap. I save the gold bearing material to process in the future. I've already started getting gold off the easier material, I'm in the very early stages, but it's fun.



Upvote
6

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

-datenkraken-
OP
•
9mo ago
Electronics
I actually find gold extraction too complicated and lacking in knowledge.

In addition, many raw materials are lost, which are almost impossible to extract privately. There's also the idea of ​​raw material recycling involved.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

Professional-Cup-154
•
9mo ago
•
Edited 9mo ago
I'm using hydrochloric acid with a bit of hydrogen peroxide (Acid Peroxide or AP solution) to get gold off of material that most people would throw in the garbage or add to their shred pile. It's pretty simple, I'm not losing anything, or lacking any knowledge. For now I'm just putting the gold foils in a jar until I'm ready to learn and try the aqua regia solution on the foils. For now though I'm getting gold for like $20 of material and a bit of learning from youtube videos.

I've been saving gold bearing material for like 5 years now.. It takes a lot, a lot, alot of ewaste to get enough to make it worth getting the gold out, but I think I'm there. I'm also interested in gold refining in general, and I'd like to get scrap gold and refine it some day. I love gold, but can't afford to just go buy ounces of it, so I'm finding it where I can. I even got a gold pan recently and I plan to go check out some rivers and creeks near me.


Upvote
5

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/TineJaus avatar
TineJaus
•
9mo ago
A few questions if you don't mind. How far do you break down the drives? Is a notebook something like a whole chromebook laptop? Do you do anything with the cooling fans? What would you do with cell phones/tablets?



Upvote
3

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

-datenkraken-
OP
•
9mo ago
Electronics
The drive is complete, so it's not worth removing the circuit boards. The higher price of the circuit boards doesn't justify the work.

I remove the RAM from the laptops and, if I can get to them without any problems, the WiFi module and the processor. Sometimes the cooler too. I only sell the laptop with the motherboard. Desoldering chips is hardly worth it. Batteries have to be removed. I occasionally sell these to hobbyists.

I disassemble old mobile phones and only sell the circuit boards. I sell newer smartphones/tablets complete or in individual parts (usually the displays). For older ones, I sell them by weight.

The fans go with the cases and are sent to the scrap dealer as mixed scrap.


Upvote
4

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

Is_What_They_Call_Me
•
9mo ago
I just got back into E-waste as a side gig. Definitely worth it for me. However I don’t mess with laptops, printers or monitors. I try to stay focused on towers and servers.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/lordloss avatar
lordloss
•
9mo ago
Just take the ram and the CPU if you come across these.