E-Commerce websites to practice web scraping on?
Getting started 🌱
So I'm currently working on a project where I scrape the price data over time, then visualize the price history with Python. I ran into the problem where the HTML keeps changing as the websites (sites like Best Buy and Amazon) and it is difficult to scrape. I understand I could just use an API, but I wold like to learn with web scraping tools like Selenium and Beautiful Soup.

Is this just something that I can't do due to companies wanting to keep their price data to be competitive?

Archived post. New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast.

Upvote
10

Downvote

3
Go to comments


Share
u/Turo_Official avatar
Turo_Official
• Official
•
Promoted

Find a car that matches your archetype — Browse an incredible selection of rental cars on the Turo car rental marketplace.
Sign Up
turo.com
Thumbnail image: Find a car that matches your archetype — Browse an incredible selection of rental cars on the Turo car rental marketplace.
Sort by:

Best

Search Comments
Expand comment search
Comments Section
CrabRemote7530
•
9mo ago
I would say if you are learning to avoid those sites for now and any that require you to log in. Wikipedia is a good site to practice on and they have an API to use as well.

Also to practice with Selenium, find a site with infinite scrolling.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

Accomplished-Gap-748
•
9mo ago
Hey! Scraping Wikipedia isn't a good idea. As you said, they have an API that anybody can use. Scraping can cause a significant load on servers (especially with emulated browsers, like semenium) and I think it would be a shame to pass these unnecessary costs on to Wikipedia.

Instead, you can search for "scraping sandbox" on Google


Upvote
5

Downvote

Award

Share

Pr3miere0cean
•
9mo ago
You can help me to scrape tomtop. They just installed amazon waf since a week and I struggle to keep prices updated since that.

They are a mid size company, and have the same HTML since long time.