Is Web Scraping Not Really Allowed Anymore?
Getting started 🌱
Not sure if this is a dumb question, but is webscraping not really allowed anymore? I tried to scrape data from zillow using beautifulsoup, not sure of theres a better way to obtain listing data; I got a response 403.

I webscraped a little quite a few years back and dont remember running into too many issues.


Upvote
26

Downvote

35
Go to comments


Share
u/Orkes_io avatar
Orkes_io
•
Promoted

You could explore Orkes Conductor — built on Netflix’s open-source engine for reliable, scalable orchestration. It lets you build AI agents, workflows, and orchestration microservices using low-code, full-code, or no-code options.
Learn More
orkes.io
Thumbnail image: You could explore Orkes Conductor — built on Netflix’s open-source engine for reliable, scalable orchestration. It lets you build AI agents, workflows, and orchestration microservices using low-code, full-code, or no-code options.
Join the conversation
Sort by:

Best

Search Comments
Expand comment search
Comments Section
u/RandomPantsAppear avatar
RandomPantsAppear
•
2mo ago
Web scraping has never been allowed. It’s a cat and mouse game.

For Zillow pay attention to permiter x and your header order.


Upvote
38

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/NoSoft8518 avatar
NoSoft8518
•
2mo ago
Everything is allowed, you just have to bypass anti-scraping(not necessarily intended) systems


Upvote
23

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

cgoldberg
•
2mo ago
It's generally not allowed according to the terms of service of many websites... and many site operators will use infrastructure to block it. However, that doesn't necessarily mean it's illegal or impossible to bypass the restrictions with a little work. As you've seen, sending a simple HTTP request with a commonly banned user-agent and TLS fingerprint from a client that can't execute JavaScript will often be blocked.


Upvote
7

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/abdullah-shaheer avatar
abdullah-shaheer
•
2mo ago
Zillow uses an auth token as of I remember, try to insert your real cookies related to Zillow into it. This will hopefully work.



Upvote
6

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/RandomPantsAppear avatar
RandomPantsAppear
•
2mo ago
You do not need to be authed to scrape Zillow. Also cookies improve your success rate but you can also ignore them. And forging them works just as good a real ones.


Upvote
3

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/hasdata_com avatar
hasdata_com
•
2mo ago
403 is common. Most sites block basic scripts with auth tokens, JS checks, or TLS/browser fingerprinting. Scraping isn't exactly illegal, but it's definitely frowned upon, so you'll need to hide your bot and get past anti-bot measures. Or just skip the headache and use a scraping API



Upvote
4

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
2mo ago
u/KernoDev avatar
u/KernoDev
•
Promoted

End of Manual Integration Testing
End of Manual Integration Testing
GET STARTED FOR FREE
GET STARTED FOR FREE
kerno.io
Learn More
Far-Database-2632
•
2mo ago
Ask Anthropic or OpenAI how it's going. Or Google. They exist off of scraping all data on the internet. It's only illegal if you can't afford the "fees" when you get sued.

I am not advocating for being like them and stealing everyone's hard work. But that's how they all came about. Consuming all the data available. And the legal systems in the world are not equipped to handle the level of theft or even are willing to consider it theft in some cases.


Upvote
3

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/bigtakeoff avatar
bigtakeoff
•
2mo ago
I'm pretty sure that's a dumb question...

not trying to be sarcastic or attack you


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

momoparis30
•
2mo ago
why do you think its not allowed anymore?


Upvote
0

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share


Dry_Illustrator977
•
2mo ago
u/Used-Comfortable-726 avatar
Used-Comfortable-726
•
2mo ago
Like most companies, Zillow wants you to register as an official app developer partner to gain access to their direct APIs using OAuth for search queries to their databases. Otherwise you’re in violation. This is why, for example, Apollo got banned from LinkedIn


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

Shaheer-Alam
•
2mo ago
Through PRAW it is legal


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/newmediaproperties avatar
u/newmediaproperties
•
Promoted

The Screener.co global stock screener is a screener for value investors. Screener.co is a very robust fundamental stock screener. It's free for 30 days, then from $24.95/mo.
Sign Up
Screener.co
Thumbnail image: The Screener.co global stock screener is a screener for value investors. Screener.co is a very robust fundamental stock screener. It's free for 30 days, then from $24.95/mo.
u/Solid_Mongoose_3269 avatar
Solid_Mongoose_3269
•
2mo ago
Companies frown upon stealing data they paid for or paid someone to manage by people who are going to use it for their own products without paying.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

LowCryptographer9047
•
2mo ago
A few week ago, I tried a simple scrap stock availiability on apple, it was insanely hard to do. Even ChatGPT could not figure it out.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/ethenhunt65 avatar
ethenhunt65
•
2mo ago
That's what I'm finding.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
2mo ago
rayar42
•
2mo ago
Flaresolverr is the GOAT


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

Legitimate_Cycle_996
•
1mo ago
•
Edited 1mo ago
Scraping publicly accessible data is generally permitted (though this is not legal advice). Bypassing anti-scraping measures, however, may not be allowed. Additionally, of course, you need to respect a site's Terms of Service. In Zillow's specific case, I'm not sure how they handle it.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/PhotographHoliday690 avatar
PhotographHoliday690
•
14d ago
And every sites tos will never allow scraping


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share

u/Neooonnnn avatar
Neooonnnn
•
1mo ago
how can i bypass a web application which have credit system


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
24d ago
[deleted]
•
1d ago
Comment removed by moderator



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply

Share

u/webscraping-ModTeam avatar
webscraping-ModTeam
MOD
•
23h ago
•
🪧 Please review the sub rules 👉


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

