Making money scraping?
I realise this has been asked a lot but, I've just lost my job as a web scraper and it's the only skills I've got.

I've kinda lost hope in getting jobs. Can ANYBODY share any sort or insight how I can turn this into a little business. Just want enough money to live off tbh.

I realise nobody wants to share their side hustle but give me just a clue or a even a yes or no answer.

And with the increase in AI I figured they'd all need training etc. But question is where do you find clients, do I scrape again aha?

Thanks in advance.

Locked post. New comments cannot be posted.

Upvote
53

Downvote

92
Go to comments


Share
u/sevalla-hosting avatar
sevalla-hosting
•
Promoted

See how Stepler slashed infrastructure costs by 78% and got freedom from hosting worries with Sevalla.
Learn More
sevalla.com
Thumbnail image: See how Stepler slashed infrastructure costs by 78% and got freedom from hosting worries with Sevalla.
Sort by:

Best

Search Comments
Expand comment search
Comments Section
cgoldberg
•
5mo ago
Scraping is just a tool to collect data. The question you should be asking is how can you make collected data valuable to someone... or possibly how can you provide value with your software development skills (which will need to extend beyond simple data collection). Otherwise, it's the same as asking "how do I make money putting data in a database?".



Upvote
39

Downvote

Award

Share

u/jwrzyte avatar
jwrzyte
•
5mo ago
to add to this if you have worked in another industry at all, or have a family member/friend that you can ask to help you find pain points within that industry that scraping data could solve then you could try to sell that solution.



Upvote
5

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
ok thanks guys, so new perspective is to sell the data not necessarily the scraping, interesting...



Upvote
6

Downvote

Award

Share

cgoldberg
•
5mo ago
Not necessarily just straight up selling data... That's probably going to get shut down. More like selling consulting services or building a product that uses the data that is somehow valuable to someone.


Upvote
6

Downvote

Award

Share

Long-Term-1nvestor
•
5mo ago
Selling Horse racing data could be one direction



Upvote
9

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Good thinking and I did that before for someone, but their accounts would get banned so they no longer wanted it. Will give it another look at though thanks.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

cavalloacquatico
•
5mo ago
Which horseracing data?



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
I dont remember the site tbh it was years ago


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/kylegawley avatar
kylegawley
•
5mo ago
General web scraping is quite saturated I think but niche scraping/data isn't. It's important to remember that people don't buy scraping tools, they buy data.

I'm building a startup right now where I am purchasing these services and I don't want to have to create and maintain specific scrapers, I just want plug and play access to specific data.

So far I only found one provider that does this.

My advice would be to find groups of people who need specific DATA that is hard to obtain, and build something for those people rather than being a generic scraper.



Upvote
9

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
This is good advice, thank you and GL with your startup :)


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago
u/Yasuuuya avatar
u/Yasuuuya
•
Promoted

Build a daily market research AI agent in under 10 minutes.
Sign Up
instruct.ai
Thumbnail image: Build a daily market research AI agent in under 10 minutes.
SpendThatMoneyFast
•
5mo ago
Build a directory or multiple directories



Upvote
4

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
interesting...have you personally had / know of success with this? thanks in advance



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/a5s_s7r avatar
a5s_s7r
•
5mo ago
He will sell you a directory template soon ;)



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
haha


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/DeyVinci avatar
DeyVinci
•
5mo ago
Make APIs available for various niches. Essentially, you srape and store then charge people to access that data. Especially gambling data like last 10 years of winning numbers etc. Why not.



Upvote
4

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
thanks for the intel, appreciate it.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/Sea-Commission1399 avatar
Sea-Commission1399
•
5mo ago
What stack are you familiar with?



Upvote
4

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Python, fastAPI, selenium, playwright etc.

I know cloud too :)



Upvote
5

Downvote

Award

Share

Sea-Presentation-173
•
5mo ago
Oh, software testing and SEO analysis are right at your tooling alley then.



Upvote
6

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Oh software testing? I hadn't thought of that....that's a good one. Do you know personally if it's in high demand?



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

Sea-Presentation-173
•
5mo ago
It is always on demand, just look on remote job boards for any of the tools you know and work will popup

https://arc.dev/remote-jobs/playwright



Upvote
7

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Woahh what is this website. You're a life saver! Thank you kind human :)


Upvote
4

Downvote

Award

Share

BortherLlama
•
5mo ago
maybe start teaching or private online tutions if u are comfortable with that



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Im comfortable but finding the students is tricky I believe


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/lee-tellmemoreAI avatar
u/lee-tellmemoreAI
•
Promoted

“If you like AI Dungeon, you’ll love TellMeMore.ai”
Learn More
tellmemore.ai
Thumbnail image: “If you like AI Dungeon, you’ll love TellMeMore.ai”
u/OkPublic7616 avatar
OkPublic7616
•
5mo ago
Yeah! Let's remember that web scraping alone does not give you money, what you do with the information will give it to you. In my case, I used it to find live matches that meet certain requirements. I went from 50 dollars to 300 in 2 days. It is dedicated to scraping live matches where the local team is losing and I bet on goals or corners, the web scraping alerts me and I only place the bet:) good luck



Upvote
4

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
I see interesting. Okay thanks!


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/Emphasis_66 avatar
Emphasis_66
•
5mo ago
Hey! The idea is really good. Could you instruct me? I'm just learning scraping.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/armana87 avatar
armana87
•
5mo ago
Start with fiverr



Upvote
3

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
thanks


Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

u/AdministrativeHost15 avatar
AdministrativeHost15
•
5mo ago
Subprime lenders buy leads. Find an alternative source of leads.



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Wow thanks for sharing!!


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago
u/ogandrea avatar
ogandrea
•
5mo ago
Hey, sorry to hear about the job loss. But honestly web scraping is a super valuable skill right now.

Few directions you could go:

AI training data is huge right now. Companies need clean, structured data for their models. You could specialise in scraping + cleaning data for ML companies. The tricky part is finding clients but LinkedIn outreach works, also check AngelList for AI startups.

Lead generation for sales teams - scrape contact info, company data, etc. Lots of sales agencies will pay for this

Price monitoring for ecommerce - help companies track competitor pricing. This ones pretty straightforward to sell

Real estate data - realtors love market data, property listings, etc

For finding clients, honestly just start reaching out directly. Most people overthink this part. Make a simple landing page, do some cold outreach on LinkedIn, maybe post in relevant slack communities or discord servers.

Also dont sleep on Upwork/Fiverr initially just to get some cash flow going while you build something bigger.

The AI angle is real tho - we're constantly looking for good data people at Notte. Even if scraping feels "basic" the data preprocessing and quality control stuff is where the real value is.

you got this, gl


Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

hidevhere
•
5mo ago
Yes dude you can make money by generating leads for others, or creating an API service of your scraped data.



Upvote
3

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
You ser shall prosper, it's inevitable, thank you.



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

hidevhere
•
5mo ago
Thanks mate for your kind words. As per my little knowledge i think financial data, business data aggregated and scraped shown in a single platform with a simple subscription will make sense, also b2b lead data. Things are available but not organised. It has more potential than gambling data. You may also use your data for custom AI based chatbot or gpt.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
I'd imagine an LLM that tells you the latest financial data or business data etc. would be incredibly lucrative but I checked GPT and there's a couple out there however not so complete as Harvey.AI is for legal work. But if I could find someone already doing tis, I'd be happy to scrape for them. Good thinking either way!



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago
Chemical_Weed420
Cake icon
•
5mo ago
Being an entrepreneur is like eating glass while looking into the abyss. If you want do that you have to be shure of it. Idk what your skill set is but you can do a Lead Generation for small B2B business, if you can do browser automation you can create bots for people like only fans Manager. You can increase your skill set if you already know python and webscraping to Kali Linux Osint tools which is basically data acquisition on steroids. Also from my experience don't try Upwork to much competition rather scrap your own leads of companies like recruiting agencies that rely on leads and just do it cheaper and whit higher quality.



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Upwork is a nightmare. But this is some dam good advice - reason I know is, it seems to include all the common knowledge from other comments. But yeah will look into OSINT and overall lead gen. Until that becomes too competitive 😭 Thanks


Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

hatemjaber
•
5mo ago
If you need free proxies (Tor), I have this docker Tor proxy rotator that I use when scraping: https://github.com/hatemjaber/tor-rotator hatemjaber/tor-rotator

Keep in mind that the proxies are from all over the globe so that might not work for region restricted sites.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago
One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
thank you so much! very kind of you!


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/LinuxTux01 avatar
LinuxTux01
•
5mo ago
Webscraping is too easy and full of competition. learn reverse engineering to reverse websites / android apps



Upvote
0

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Thanks for the intel, good to know. Did you learn from experience? Are you finding much demand?



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/LinuxTux01 avatar
LinuxTux01
•
5mo ago
Yes, lots of practice. Yeah there is very good demand but not so many reverse engineers



Upvote
2

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
well, thanks for passing your expertise. It's often I learn the hard way..


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

NoSec00
•
5mo ago
Can you tell us something more? Any examples?



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

u/LinuxTux01 avatar
LinuxTux01
•
5mo ago
For example reversing an Android app to make a requests based checkout bot or reversing a captcha to create a requests based solver.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago
•
Edited 5mo ago

[deleted]
•
5mo ago

[deleted]
•
5mo ago

[deleted]
•
5mo ago
u/bigtakeoff avatar
bigtakeoff
•
5mo ago
dude why don't you scrape something that is valuable to someone and then sell it to them



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
it's a good standpoint, working on it thanks


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago
Your-Ma
•
5mo ago
Selenium is more used in software testing than scraping lol

Become a software tester. Highly in demand. 



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Yes sorry I'm typically using selenium more often in my scraping projects these days as projects are more complex but yes software testing great shout thanks!


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago

[deleted]
•
5mo ago
u/Headz0r avatar
Headz0r
•
5mo ago
We are spending 300 USD / month on Swiss Job Data. Sales is the harder part



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


[deleted]
•
5mo ago

[deleted]
•
5mo ago
dumboca
•
5mo ago
Hello, I never used scrapping until I tried to get the price of a supermarket. Then I stopped because I hit the wall of the aunty scrapping technology, and even chat gpt couldn't help me and told me that this could be illegal. Then I finish my project. Could you help me?



Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share

One_Bluejay_8625
OP
•
5mo ago
Are you confident it's anti-detection?

What tools are you using?

Depending on how much you want the data, you can try a few things. E.g. rotate proxies, use residential proxies, seem more human etc.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Award

Share


